<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <title>Õppekava</title>
    <style type="text/css">
      {% include "styles.css" %}
    </style>
  </head>
  <body>
    <table class="reporttable">
      <tr>
        <td class="reporttableheader" colspan="2">{{ "report.curriculum.curriculum" | translate }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">1. {{ "report.curriculum.name" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.nameEt }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">2. {{ "report.curriculum.nameEn" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.nameEn }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">3. {{ "report.curriculum.origStudyLevel" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.origStudyLevel }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">4. {{ "report.curriculum.studyForm" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.studyForm }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">5. {{ "report.curriculum.school" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.school }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">6. {{ "report.curriculum.credits" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.credits }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">7. {{ "report.curriculum.studyPeriod" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.studyPeriod }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">8. {{ "report.curriculum.group" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.group }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">9. {{ "report.curriculum.merCode" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.merCode }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">10. {{ "report.curriculum.studyLang" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.studyLang }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">11. {{ "report.curriculum.otherLanguages" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.otherLanguages }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">12. {{ "report.curriculum.merRegDate" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.merRegDate | hoisDate }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">13. {{ "report.curriculum.approvalDate" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.approvalDate | hoisDate }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">14. {{ "report.curriculum.admissionRequirements" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.admissionRequirements }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">15. {{ "report.curriculum.specialities" | translate }}</td>
        <td>
        {% for specialty in content.specialities %}
          {% if loop.index > 0 %}
            <br/>
          {% endif %}
          {{ specialty }}
        {% endfor %}
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">16. {{ "report.curriculum.minorSpecialities" | translate }}</td>
        <td>
        {% for specialty in content.minorSpecialities %}
          {% if loop.index > 0 %}
            <br/>
          {% endif %}
          {{ specialty }}
        {% endfor %}
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">17. {{ "report.curriculum.objectives" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.objectives }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">18. {{ "report.curriculum.outcomes" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.outcomes }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">19. {{ "report.curriculum.grade" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.grade }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">20. {{ "report.curriculum.documents" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.documents }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">21. {{ "report.curriculum.structure" | translate }}</td>
        <td>
          <ul>
          {% for specialty in content.structure %}
            <li>{{ "report.curriculum.major" | translate}} {{ specialty.name }}
              <ul>
              {% for module in specialty.modules %}
                <li>{{ module }}</li>
              {% endfor %}
              </ul>
            </li>
          {% endfor %}
          </ul>
        </td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">22. {{ "report.curriculum.optionalStudyDescription" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.optionalStudyDescription }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">23. {{ "report.curriculum.graduationRequirements" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.graduationRequirements }}</td>
      </tr>
      <tr>
        <td class="label">24. {{ "report.curriculum.addInfo" | translate }}</td>
        <td>{{ content.addInfo }}</td>
      </tr>
    </table>
  </body>
</html>
